refactor: return peer ids as strings (#581)
ipfs/interface-js-ipfs-core: SPEC/MISCELLANEOUS.md

| -------- | -------- |
| `Promise<Object>` | An object with the Peer identity |

The Peer identity has the following properties:

- `id: String` - the Peer ID
- `publicKey: String` - the public key of the peer as a base64 encoded string

> - `addresses: String[]` - A list of multiaddrs this node is listening on as strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `addresses: Multiaddr[]` - A list of multiaddrs this node is listening on
```
